Replace vcap.me application URL with daho.im (#196)
makandra/geordi: CHANGELOG.md

### Compatible changes
* `commit` command: The pivotal tracker story is linked in the description of the commit

> * `server` command: `vcap.me` is replaced with the more reliable loopback domain `daho.im` in the interaction note.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `server` command: Use `daho.im` instead of `vcap.me` when offering the local development URL
```
